According to your understanding, how would you summarize the central message of Christianity?
And where would you put it?
Are natural disasters God’s doing?
Are people trustworthy?
Are you a compulsive shopper or do you bring a list and carefully consider your purchases?
Are you a creature of habit?
Are you a hugger or a non-hugger?
Are you a leader or a follower?
Are you a penny-pincher or a big spender?
Are you a person who has a whole lot of acquaintances or just a few very close friends?
Are you a risk taker?
Are you a traveler or a homebody?
Are you an early bird or a night owl?
Are you ever a high-maintenance person?
Are you ever satisfied?
Are you more inclined to "build your own empire" or "unleash the potential of others"?
Are you more likely to avoid conflict or engage in it head-on?
Are you more of a dog person or a cat person?
Are you more of a rule breaker or a rule keeper?
Are you more task oriented or people oriented?
Are you most likely to finish your taxes as soon as you receive your W–2s or as close to April 15 as possible?
Are you serious-minded or a jokester?
Are you superstitious?
Are you usually late, early, or on time?
As a child, did you ever peek into a wrapped gift before you actually received it?
As a child, did you take music lessons or take part in band or choir?
As a child, what was your idea of fun?
As a kid, what did you want to grow up to be?
As you fall asleep, do you prefer to be flat on your back, curled on your side, or on your stomach?
At amusement parks, are you drawn more to the scariest roller coaster or the tamest merrygo-round?
At what age do you hope to retire?
At what time of the day do you feel your best?
At which sports do you excel?
Can a person know for sure that he or she is going to heaven?
Can anyone know for sure that his or her religion is right?
Can hell, God’s justice, and God’s love all be real at the same time?
Can you prove it?
Can you remember the address of one of your childhood homes?
Demonstrate your answer.
Describe a recent incident.
Describe a time when you lost something very valuable.
Describe him or her.
Describe it.
Describe that relationship.
Describe the closest thing that comes to mind.
Describe the details.
Describe the occasion.
Describe the situation and how it made you feel.
Describe the situation and how you felt about it.
Describe the situation.
Describe what happened.
Describe your experience and how it impacted you.
Describe your experience.
Describe your most vivid memory of one of these dreams.
Describe your picture.
Describe your thoughts and feelings at that time.
Describe your worst haircut.
Describe.
Did a sibling or childhood peer ever tease or torment you?
Did you ever cheat on a school exam?
Did you ever get caught?
Did you ever learn to swim?
Did you ever witness someone die?
Did you or someone you know ever talk a police officer out of writing a ticket?
Did you try to cover it up or fix it so it would go unnoticed?
Do you agree with this statement: "Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you an automobile" (Billy Sunday)?
Do you awaken naturally or need an alarm?
Do you believe an evil spiritual being, such as the Devil, exists?
Do you believe God is actively involved in our world or detached and distant from our world?
Do you believe ignorance is bliss?
Do you believe in "love at first sight"?
Do you believe in "soul mates"?
Do you believe in an afterlife?
Do you believe in miracles?
Do you believe in reincarnation?
Do you believe it is possible to encounter God in a personal way?
Do you believe it’s possible for people to communicate with the dead?
Do you believe sin causes a gap between God and you?
Do you believe that a spiritual realm exists outside of what can be perceived by the five senses?
Do you believe that the human soul is eternal?
Do you believe that, for the most part, people are basically good, basically bad, or a mixture?
Do you believe the Bible is actually God’s chosen tool for communication to mankind?
Do you believe there is anything to the "power of prayer"?
Do you believe there’s any truth to it?
Do you believe you have a guardian angel?
Do you care more about pleasing people or speaking the truth?
Do you count sheep, toss and turn, or get up and try to do something productive?
Do you enjoy a good debate or prefer keeping the peace?
Do you ever become angry with God when things go wrong?
Do you ever double or triple check things?
Do you ever fear "living" as much as "dying"?
Do you find it easy to ignore or avoid facing up to deep spiritual matters?
Do you have a collection?
Do you have a favorite painting or drawing?
Do you have a set place for everything at home or do you simply let things stay wherever they land?
Do you have any fears about being wrong about your spiritual beliefs?
Do you make comparisons with others on a spiritual level?
Do you prefer exercising your mind or your body?
Do you prefer keeping the television channel remote in hand or giving it up?
Do you prefer that people shoot straight with you or carefully temper their words?
Do you prefer to plan your vacation or be spontaneous?
Do you prefer to thoroughly deliberate options or decisively draw conclusions?
Do you prefer window or aisle?
Do you read or study best in silence or in a place with background noise?
Do you remember jokes very well?
Do you save old greeting cards and letters, or throw them all away?
Do you say "goodbye" quickly, slowly, or not at all?
Do you squeeze the toothpaste tube or roll it?
Do you tend to save everything or toss everything?
Do you think a person, in order to be a certain religion, must be converted into that religion, born into it, or both?
Do you think a sixth sense exists?
Do you think all religions lead to God?
Do you think angels and demons exist?
Do you think becoming a Christian is an ongoing process, something that happens at a specific point in time, or a combination of the two?
Do you think God exists?
Do you think God has ever used pain and suffering to get your attention?
Do you think it is possible for a man to gain the whole world and yet lose his soul?
Do you think it is possible to be indifferent or neutral toward God without offending him?
Do you think it is possible to have a false sense of security about your eternal destiny?
Do you think it’s possible for anyone to know for sure if there is a God?
Do you think most people are spiritually attuned or spiritually ignorant?
Do you think most, if not all, wars would cease if no religious differences existed?
Do you think religion is an emotional crutch for some people?
Do you think religion is necessary?
Do you think religion should be a private matter?
Do you think religious holidays have become too commercialized by society?
Do you think science will offer the "final answer" to all the world’s problems?
Do you think that all the major religions are fundamentally the same or different?
Do you think that in order for one religion to be totally true, all other religions must be completely false?
Do you think that scientific discoveries will eventually eliminate mankind’s "need" for God?
Do you think that ultimately, no matter what we believe about God, we will all end up at the same place as long as we are sincere?
Do you think the end or the means is most important?
Do you think the general population is better off or worse off than it was fifty years ago?
Do you think there will ever be world peace?
Do you throw any of them away unread?
Do you typically wait for someone to ask for it or not?
Do you use the word "love" freely and often or selectively and seldom?
Do you usually send serious or humorous greeting cards?
Do you usually win?
Does life imitate art or does art imitate life?
Does work really banish three great evils— boredom, vice, and poverty?
Explain the details.
Explain the situation and how it made you feel.
Explain the situation.
Explain what happened and how you reacted.
Explain why.
Explain your answer.
Explain your response.
Explain.
For what are you most thankful to God?
For which ones would you like to be an audience member?
From what do you secretly long to be "rescued"?
From where does evil come?
Generally speaking, does Christianity, with its apparent emphasis on sin, hell, and judgment, dwell too much on the negative?
Give a reason for your answer.
Give an example.
Give reasons for your answer.
Give some examples.
Give the details.
Given the pros and cons associated with deeply held religious beliefs, do you think that "religion" overall is a positive or a negative thing?
Growing up, for the most part, were you respectful or disrespectful to your parents?
Growing up, for which holidays did your family decorate the house?
Growing up, what virtue did you see in your parents that you hope to emulate?
Growing up, what was your favorite comic strip?
Growing up, what was your favorite fairy tale or children’s story?
Has there ever been a time you were convinced you received direction from God?
Has your heart ever lied to you, or do you think it always "tells" the truth?
Have you (or someone you know) ever been on national television?
Have you dreamed of flying, falling, or running?
Have you ever been an audience member for any television shows?
Have you ever been baptized?
Have you ever been falsely accused?
Have you ever been let off the hook for a punishment you deserved?
Have you ever broken or spilled something in someone else’s home?
Have you ever felt excluded?
Have you ever felt like there was no escape; that your heart was trapped?
Have you ever felt like you were taking three steps forward but two steps back?
Have you ever gotten caught doing something you shouldn’t have done?
Have you ever had a challenging roommate situation?
Have you ever had a premonition that actually came true?
Have you ever had someone do something for you or give something to you that you did not earn or deserve?
Have you ever had something you would call a "spiritual experience"?
Have you ever helped a total stranger?
Have you ever meditated for spiritual purposes?
Have you ever participated in a long distance walking, running, or biking event?
Have you ever prayed a prayer of desperation?
Have you ever purchased anything from a telemarketer?
Have you ever seen or called a psychic?
Have you ever served on jury duty?
Have you ever suggested an idea for change that was adopted?
Have you ever taken one?
Have you ever violated a confidence?
Have you ever won anything from them?
Have you forgiven yourself for past personal failures?
Have you found your place in this world?
How absentminded do you get?
How accident-prone are you?
How afraid of dying are you?
How and when did you meet him or her?
How are you different now than you were before September 11, 2001?
How at peace are you with yourself?
How certain are you that your current belief about God is correct?
How comfortable are you discussing spiritual things with others?
How comfortable are you with uncertainty?
How comfortable would you feel about praying out loud with someone?
How competitive are you?
How confident are you about what will happen to you in the afterlife?
How convinced are you that the sun will rise tomorrow?
How did it go?
How did someone plan a surprise for you?
How did that make you feel?
How did you feel when you finally found it or when you realized it would never be found?
How did you react?
How difficult is it for you to forgive someone who refuses to apologize?
How difficult is it for you to speak the truth, even when it may be hurtful or unpopular?
How do you "feed your spirit"?
How do you "remember your spirit"?
How do you best avoid conflict?
How do you comfort those who have suffered a tragedy or loss?
How do you deal with doubt?
How do you deal with very needy people?
How do you define "true love"?
How do you define a cult?
How do you discern God’s direction for your life?
How do you distinguish God’s voice from your own thoughts?
How do you explain death?
How do you express your patriotism?
How do you feel about your age?
How do you feel afterward?
How do you get rid of pesky phone calls from telemarketers?
How do you go about illuminating "blind spots" in your life?
How do you handle anger?
How do you heal a broken heart?
How do you interpret your dreams?
How do you know this world is not a dream?
How do you know?
How do you measure contentment?
How do you most want to be remembered?
How do you picture the face of God?
How do you prefer to give constructive criticism?
How do you prefer to learn or memorize new information?
How do you react to a religious person who attempts to proselytize you?
How do you strike that balance?
How do you suggest overcoming negative self-talk?
How do you think the afterlife will be different from this life?
How do you typically react in a sudden, extreme, pressure-filled crisis?
How does your life compare?
How far in advance do you prefer to plan?
How frequently do you do either?
How frequently do you purchase lottery tickets or mail in sweepstakes registrations?
How frequently do you watch them?
How frequently, if ever, do you read the Bible?
How good are you at multitasking?
How good do you have to be to get into heaven?
How hard is life?
How has God changed you?
How has God demonstrated his love to you?
How has your belief or disbelief in God affected your life?
How has your birth order affected you?
How have you been disillusioned by religion?
How have you been humbled?
How have you dealt with loss in your life?
How have you honored your parents?
How have you significantly honored another person?
How have your priorities changed over time?
How healthy or unhealthy are you with setting boundaries?
How important is it to set personal goals?
How important is it to you that people remember, spell, and pronounce your name correctly?
How important is physical appearance when it comes to achieving success or getting one’s way in life?
How is it possible that the death of one (Jesus Christ) overcomes (forgives) the sins of many (the whole human race)?
How is your love for your friends different from your love for your family?
How long have you known this person?
How long, on average, does it take you to fall asleep once you turn out the lights?
How many American states have you visited in your lifetime?
How many bones have you broken?
How many credit cards do you have?
How many days could you last in solitary confinement?
How many different conversations can you adequately carry on at the same time?
How many different paths do you think there are to God?
How many different religions have you studied in your lifetime, and which one makes the most sense to you right now?
How many discount or savings coupons do you clip in an average month?
How many expire before you use them?
How many foreign countries have you visited?
How many hours a week do you watch TV?
How many hours do you spend on your computer each day?
How many siblings do you have?
How many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror?
How many times did you move growing up?
How many times have you filed for an extension?
How many times have you had a broken heart?
How many times have you had stitches, and what were the circumstances?
How many times have you really been in love?
How mechanically inclined do you consider yourself?
How much did you get paid?
How much does it bother you to be tickled?
How much influence has your family heritage had on your ultimate religious beliefs?
How much of a "people watcher" are you?
How much of a bargain hunter are you?
How much of a shopper are you?
How much poetry have you written in your life?
How much time do you spend "surfing the Web"?
How much trouble did you get into during your school days?
How often do most people you know think about spiritual issues?
How often do you doodle?
How often do you get a haircut?
How often do you get sick?
How often do you interrupt others while they are talking?
How often do you leisurely eat a meal with friends?
How often do you read the newspaper?
How often do you read your horoscope?
How often do you second-guess yourself?
How often do you tell little white lies?
How often do you use them?
How often or easily do movies make you cry?
How particular are you about the maintenance of your car?
How reliable do you think the Bible is as a historical document?
How self-centered are you?
How sensitive a person are you?
How so?
How tolerant a person are you?
How well do you receive criticism from others?
How were you transformed by the experience?
How would that information change things for you?
How would you define "faith"?
How would you define "freedom"?
How would you define sin?
How would you describe a time when you felt alone in a crowd?
How would you describe one of your happiest childhood memories?
How would you describe the perfect day?
How would you describe your most magical childhood moment?
How would you describe your own moral condition?
How would you do it?
How would you explain eternity?
How would you graciously break up with someone you were dating?
How would you graciously turn down an invitation to go out on a date?
How would you prefer to die—quickly without warning or slowly over time?
How would you summarize the highs and lows of this past week?
Hum or whistle it right now and see if others can correctly guess it! 86.
Hum or whistle your answer.
If a bona fide miracle were to occur in your life, do you think that would convince you that some kind of intelligent Supreme Being exists?
If a dimmer switch could represent your understanding of Christianity, how bright would your light be?
If accumulation of money doesn’t bring lasting happiness, what does?
If God can do anything, can he make a rock so heavy he cannot lift it?
If God decided to visit the planet right now, what do you think he would say or do?
If God did not exist, what practical difference would that make in our world?
If God were to step in and wipe out every trace of evil, what would that do to the human population?
If not, why didn’t you?
If not, would you like to be on a jury in the future?
If so, describe your experience.
If so, how did you learn?
If so, how?
If so, what do you collect and why?
If so, what was he trying to get across to you?
If so, what was it?
If so, what was the case about?
If so, what?
If so, where is it?
If the world contained no religion, how might things be different?
If there were no animals in our world, what would we be missing?
If you believed in the God of the Bible, do you think it would impact the way you lived?
If you could ask any question of the people you’re with right now and get an honest answer, what question would you ask?
If you could ask God one question you knew he would answer right away, what would it be?
If you could ask God to do any three things for you, and you knew he would do them, what would you ask him to do?
If you could be a contestant on any game show, which one would it be?
If you could be a radio or television personality, what kind of program would you choose?
If you could be any age for the rest of your life, what age would you choose?
If you could be any cartoon character, which one would you be?
If you could be any celebrity, who would you want to become?
If you could be invisible for a day, what would you do?
If you could bring one person back from the dead, who would you bring back?
If you could bring peace to one country, which one would you select?
If you could capture any event in history on videotape, which one event would it be?
If you could change anything about your relationship with your parents, what would it be?
If you could change one thing about the culture you live in, what would it be?
If you could change one thing about your appearance, what would it be?
If you could change one thing about your personality, how would you be different?
If you could change your occupation, what would you do?
If you could cure a disease or heal a sickness, which one would you choose?
If you could design your own church service, what would it look like?
If you could develop something that’s not been invented yet, what would you invent?
If you could do something very daring without fear, what would you do?
If you could eliminate one weakness or limitation in your life, what would it be?
If you could establish one charitable organization, what would it be?
If you could give one gift to your children, what would it be?
If you could give one piece of advice to pass on to the next generation, what would it be?
If you could give some advice to all parents, what would you say?
If you could go anywhere for a one-day visit, where would you go?
If you could go back in time, what year would you visit?
If you could grant any three wishes to one person, to whom would you grant them?
If you could hang a motto in every home, what would it say?
If you could have invented one thing, what would it have been?
If you could learn to speak a foreign language, which one would you choose and why?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
If you could live forever on earth, would you choose to do so?
If you could live your life all over again, would you?
If you could look into the future to find out one thing, what would you want to know?
If you could make any improvement on how cars operate, what would it be?
If you could make one character from any work of fiction come to life, what character would you select?
If you could own a restaurant, what kind would it be?
If you could own any sports team, which one would it be?
If you could play any instrument, what would you choose?
If you could possess it, what superhero’s super power would you want to have and why?
If you could prove beyond a reasonable doubt that God exists, do you think you would seek out a relationship with him?
If you could read everyone’s mind for one week only, would you tell anyone or keep it a secret?
If you could redecorate your home at no cost, what would you wish to do?
If you could relive any year, what year would you choose?
If you could restore one broken relationship, which one would you choose?
If you could rewrite history, what one thing would you change?
If you could rid the world of one evil, which one would it be?
If you could rid the world of one fear, what fear would it be?
If you could rob from the rich and give to the poor and get away with it, would you do it?
If you could rule the world for one day, what would you do?
If you could run Hollywood, what would you do?
If you could say anything to the people you’re with right now, what would you say?
If you could spend one hour doing absolutely anything, what would you do?
If you could switch job responsibilities with your boss, would you do it?
If you could take an early retirement, what would you do?
If you could take back something you’ve said, what would it be?
If you could talk with only one person for the rest of your life, who would it be and why?
If you could teach any class on any subject, what would you teach and to whom would you teach it?
If you could trade places with anyone for one week, who would you want to trade with and why?
If you could transport yourself at will between any two destinations, which two would you choose?
If you could turn into any animal at will, which one would you select?
If you could visit with any person in history, who would it be and why?
If you could wave a magic wand and stop any one thing, what would you stop?
If you could write a best-selling book, what would you write about?
If you did something wrong, would it make any difference that you did so unintentionally?
If you died today, who would give your eulogy, and what would be said?
If you found an abandoned car with $50,000 in the back seat, what would you do?
If you had an unlimited shopping spree at only one store, which one would you choose?
If you had the ability to compete in the Olympics, what event would you want to be in?
If you had the chance to go anywhere for dinner tomorrow, where would you go?
If you had the opportunity to start your own business, what would you start?
If you had the opportunity to travel into space, would you go?
If you had the talent to play a professional sport, which one would you select?
If you had the time to volunteer for any worthwhile organization, which one would you choose?
If you had to change your first name, what name would you choose?
If you had to choose right now, who would you select to be in your wedding party?
If you had to design a float for a parade, what would you design?
If you had to do your life over, what one thing would you do differently?
If you had to locate the feeling of "longing" or "yearning" in your body, where would you say it was?
If you had to perform a "Stupid Human Trick" for the David Letterman show, what would you do?
If you just found out you had only two weeks to live, what top two or three things would you do?
If you knew your death could save a stranger’s life, would you give up your life?
If you were a doctor, which field of medicine would you specialize in?
If you were a gifted painter, what picture would you want to paint first?
If you were a great explorer, what would you explore?
If you were a master sculptor for a day, what would you sculpt?
If you were a WWE Smackdown champion wrestler, what would be your name and calling card?
If you were able to listen to only one music CD ever again, what would it be and why?
If you were able to retrieve only one item on the way out of your burning home, what would that be?
If you were assured you would not fail, what endeavor would you attempt?
If you were face-to-face with Jesus, what would he say to you?
If you were forced to give up one of your five senses, which one would you choose?
If you were given $100,000 to celebrate someone or something, who or what would you celebrate?
If you were going to a costume party next week, what costume would you wear?
If you were imprisoned and were allowed only one book to read, what would you choose and why?
If you were in charge of ending world hunger, where would you start?
If you were offered free cosmetic surgery by the best plastic surgeons in the world, would you take it?
If you were on a debate team, what subject would you relish debating?
If you were required to distribute a million dollars any way you wanted, how would you do it?
If you were stranded on a deserted island, what three "luxury items" would you most want to have with you?
If you were stranded on a deserted island, which three people would you most want to have join you?
If you were to die today, would you go to heaven?
If you were to explain to a friend what it means to know God personally, what would you say?
If you were to fast-forward your life five years, where would you be and what would you be doing?
If you were to get a tattoo, what would it be?
If you were to identify someone as a Christian, what definitive factors would you look for to support that claim?
If you were to paint a picture of your childhood, what colors would you use?
If you were to star in a movie, what would be your ideal role?
If you were to write a book about your life, what would it be called?
If you won a million dollars in the lottery, how would you spend it?
In an emergency, which friends would you feel the freedom to call in the middle of the night?
In one sentence, how would you describe your best friend?
In raising children, do you think it’s best to discipline by giving timeouts, discussions, spankings, or a combination?
In relationships, are you more often the "heartbreaker" or the "heart broken"?
In what area of your life are you immature?
In what circumstances do your motor skills short-circuit your verbal skills, and vice versa?
In what places do you find yourself "people watching"?
In what situation do you often find yourself "walking on eggshells"?
In what situations are you most likely to procrastinate?
In what situations are you most uncomfortable?
In what sports, clubs, or activities were you most involved during high school?
In what ways do your religious beliefs impact the way you live your life?
In what ways is the Christian life difficult or impossible to live?
In your opinion, is the Christian message mostly "good news" or mostly "bad news"?
In your opinion, what is the moral condition of this world?
Is belief in God intellectual suicide?
Is cloning a sign of progress?
Is God dead?
Is it better to have loved and lost or never to have loved at all?
Is it better to love or be loved?
Is it more important to you to look good or feel good?
Is seeking truth a way of life or a season of life?
Is that too little, too much, or just enough?
Is the paper money in your possession right now organized sequentially according to denomination and with the bills right side up and facing the same way?
Is there a family tradition that has a special meaning for you?
Is there someone in your life who has never (or rarely) let you down?
Is there something spiritual missing in your life?
Is there such a thing as "destiny"?
Is there such a thing as a "just war"?
Is your "glass" usually half full or half empty?
Is your image of God more like that of a "grandfather," a "policeman," or a "mechanic"?
Of all the tools and gadgets you own, which one do you most enjoy using?
Of the following ways, how do you most like to express your love to another person: touch, words, gifts, time spent together, or acts of kindness?
Of the following ways, how do you most like to receive expressions of love: touch, words, gifts, time spent together, or acts of kindness?
On a scale from 1 to 10, how close to God do you feel?
On a scale from 1 to 10, how happy do you usually feel?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how computer savvy are you?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how controlling a person are you?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how much of a perfectionist are you?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how well do you sing?
On what do you base your answer?
Or do you prefer the quiet?
Perform one now.
Rate the level of intensity you have about wanting to know God?
Rate your dancing ability on a scale of 1 to 10.
Share a line from it.
Share the details.
Should faith in God be "blind" or should it require evidence?
Tell about it.
Tell your story.
The Bible says, "God is love." What does that mean to you?
To feel rested, how many hours of sleep do you need each night?
To what degree are you patriotic?
To what degree do you consider yourself athletic?
To what do you attribute that kind of connection?
To what extent are you an argumentative person?
To what extent do others’ beliefs influence you?
To what extent do you trust people?
To what extent do you trust your own judgment or gut instincts?
To what extent is cloning a moral issue?
To what extent is it possible to show respect or tolerance and still disagree?
To what extent is knowledge power, to what extent is truth power, and what’s the difference?
To what extent is your view of God influenced by your view of your father?
Under what circumstances is it impossible for you to sleep?
Using only one word per person, what was your first impression of each person present with you now?
Using the compartments of a car, how would you describe where God fits into your life (trunk, driver’s seat, back seat, glove compartment, passenger seat, etc.)?
Was school easy or difficult for you?
Was there ever a time when it turned out you were right, in spite of many others who thought otherwise?
Was there ever a time when someone rescued you?
Was there ever a time when you gave your heart completely over to something or someone?
Was there ever a time when you or someone you know was a victim of fraud?
Was there ever a time when you sincerely wanted to know God’s will regarding a decision you needed to make?
Was there ever a time when you were in need and someone met that need?
Was there ever a time when you were very sure of something, but were later proved wrong?
Was there ever a time when your blood "ran cold?" Explain.
What "close call" did you have from the past?
What about God do you hope is true?
What advice can you give about how to conquer fear?
What advice can you give about how to relieve stress?
What allergies do you have?
What animal are you the most like?
What annoys you most about men?
What annoys you most about women?
What are some characteristics you have heard taught about God that you do not believe?
What are some of the wildest animals you’ve ever touched?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being your height?
What are the best and worst sounds in the world?
What are the best steps you’ve ever taken in an effort to improve your health?
What are the best ways to inspire or motivate people?
What are the positives and negatives of joining a small group to discuss spiritual issues?
What are the repercussions of sin, if any?
What are the top three qualities that first draw you to someone new?
What are the various ways people attempt to earn God’s forgiveness or favor?
What are you a "natural" at doing?
What are your best or worst childhood memories of going to a zoo or circus?
What are your career goals?
What are your favorite summer and winter sports?
What are your three favorite television shows?
What bad habit do you wish you could break?
What bad habit have you broken?
What big challenge have you taken on recently?
What books are you reading these days?
What books have made a big impact on you?
What books on your shelf are begging to be read?
What bores you?
What bothers you most about perfectionists?
What brings a tear to your eye?
What brings out your critical side?
What brings out your pessimistic side?
What can your friends predict you will grumble about most?
What causes you to get flustered?
What changed your mind?
What changes would people see in you?
What character trait are you currently trying to improve or change?
What childhood accident stands out in your mind?
What color describes your mood right now?
What conditions cause you to dislike or, conversely, enjoy talking with them?
What determines how much trust you will place in a spiritual authority?
What did you do to suppress your laughter?
What did you like and dislike about any church services you’ve experienced?
What do you admire most about your best friend?
What do you consider your best quality?
What do you do if you can’t sleep at night?
What do you do to get "centered"?
What do you do when a homeless person asks you for money?
What do you do when you want to relax?
What do you dream about most often?
What do you hope to discover beyond the grave?
What do you hope will be your biggest lifetime contribution to society?
What do you like and dislike most about your current job?
What do you like least about religion?
What do you like most about church, synagogue, or mosque?
What do you like most about it?
What do you like most about men?
What do you like most about women?
What do you live in denial about?
What do you need to feel secure?
What do you prefer to be called?
What do you recommend to overcome self-pity?
What do you remember about your first day of school or your first teacher?
What do you suspect people say about you behind your back?
What do you take for granted the most?
What do you think about more than anything else?
What do you think angels are like, and what is their function here on earth?
What do you think are some methods God uses to communicate to people?
What do you think are the most common misconceptions people have about God?
What do you think God will say to you when you die?
What do you think God would say to you right now?
What do you think God’s attitude is toward you?
What do you think heaven is like?
What do you think is needed to make the world a better place?
What do you think is the difference between a religious person who makes it into heaven and one who does not?
What do you think is the greatest problem of the human race?
What do you think is the most significant event in the history of the human race?
What do you think is the secret to a happy marriage?
What do you think is your purpose in life?
What do you think it means to be "born again"?
What do you think most people think about the Bible?
What do you think was the purpose of Jesus Christ’s death?
What do you want?
What do your doodles usually look like?
What does "being spiritual" mean to you?
What does "success" mean to you?
What does God want from us?
What does it mean to be made in the "image of God"?
What does it mean to be powerful?
What does it mean to take a "leap of faith"?
What does it mean when two people are said to have "chemistry"?
What does silence feel like to you?
What does the sacrament of baptism mean to you?
What does this quote mean?
What dream has come true for you?
What drives you crazy?
What epitaph would you want engraved on your tombstone?
What event in your life has brought about the greatest life-change?
What factors have most influenced your current beliefs about God?
What famous person would you most like to meet?
What fear are you trying to overcome?
What fear would you like to overcome?
What fears do you have about God?
What fills your heart up to the bursting level?
What food do you eat for comfort?
What food items did you eat so far today?
What fuels you?
What goals have you recently set for yourself, and how are you doing on them so far?
What happens after death?
What has been your best work of art?
What has been your biggest obstacle to spiritual growth?
What has frustrated you in the recent past?
What has produced the greatest spiritual growth in your life?
What has recently made you depressed?
What holds you back?
What hot topic usually turns into an argument with you?
What important competition have you lost?
What impossible task are you facing right now?
What in this world breaks your heart?
What inspires you to write?
What insults your intelligence?
What is "unconditional forgiveness"?
What is beauty?
What is it about human nature that tends to stubbornly refuse the aid of someone else?
What is it about the Bible that most confuses you?
What is it that bothers you the most about religious fanatics?
What is one of your favorite souvenirs brought back from your travels?
What is one thing you no longer believe about God that you believed when you were younger?
What is something mischievous you have done?
What is something that always brings a smile to your face?
What is something that bothers you if it is not done perfectly?
What is something that you failed at?
What is the basis of your standard of right and wrong?
What is the benefit of meditation?
What is the best bargain you ever found?
What is the difference between "faith" and "religion"?
What is the difference between an intellectual assent to a set of beliefs and an actual acceptance of those beliefs?
What is the difference between knowing a lot of facts about a person and knowing someone personally?
What is the first movie you saw in a theater?
What is the greatest commandment?
What is the greatest invention the world has ever seen?
What is the greatest sin?
What is the hardest thing you’ve ever done?
What is the ideal age to get married?
What is the meaning of life?
What is the secret to being content in all circumstances?
What is truth?
What is your attitude toward people who believe differently than you?
What is your biggest personal spiritual dilemma or challenge?
What is your definition of a miracle?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
What is your favorite bumper sticker or t-shirt slogan?
What is your favorite day of the week?
What is your favorite poem or saying?
What is your favorite style of music, and how often do you listen to it?
What is your greatest fear about what you’d be like if God were leading your life?
What is your greatest physical challenge?
What is your greatest weakness?
What is your most unusual nighttime or morning ritual?
What is your position concerning the concept of hell?
What is your reaction to the Bible’s claim that Jesus is the only way to God?
What items do you currently have stored in the trunk of your car?
What jingle comes to your mind?
What kind of kids did you hang out with in high school?
What kinds of movies do you most enjoy?
What kinds of things do you catch yourself exaggerating about?
What kinds of things do you pray about most frequently?
What lasting lesson did you learn from your parents?
What lesson did you have to learn the hard way?
What lesson has failure taught you?
What lie did you tell today?
What magazines do you subscribe to, and how many of those do you actually read or look through?
What magic tricks do you know?
What makes a true friendship?
What makes it difficult for you to trust God?
What makes it special to you?
What makes you feel jealous?
What makes you feel like pulling the covers back over your head and staying hidden in bed all day long?
What makes you so sure?
What makes you stand to your feet and cheer?
What makes you tick?
What makes your heart beat fast?
What meaning does it have for you?
What miracle do you wish God would perform right now?
What mood are you usually in?
What motivates you to pray.
What motivates you to read the Bible?
What mystery have you solved?
What negative behavioral pattern has been passed down from generation to generation within your family?
What new law is needed to make the world a better place to live?
What nightmare woke you up in a panic?
What objects from your childhood have you saved?
What one new thing did you learn in the last week?
What one person in your life do you find the most challenging?
What one thing do you fear more than anything else?
What one thing do you wish for more than anything else?
What one thing would make your life complete?
What one word best describes your father?
What one word best describes your mother?
What one word sums up your high school experience?
What or who inspires you to be all that you can be?
What outside influences have had the greatest impact on your family?
What paradox (or contradiction) in life have you had to learn to accept or embrace?
What part of your heart has never been seen by anyone?
What personal religious experiences have had the most profound impact on you?
What pets did you have growing up?
What phobias have you struggled with?
What photos do you cherish from the past?
What poem or song really moves you?
What position are you in when you wake up?
What positives, if any, have resulted from the suffering you’ve experienced in your life?
What prevents you from revealing your emotions to others?
What prevents you from taking steps on your spiritual journey now?
What purpose do the emotions of regret, shame, or guilt serve?
What real person, dead or alive, do you wish you could be more like?
What reasons do you think Christianity gives for its assertion that Jesus is the only way to God?
What recent disappointment have you had?
What religious issues are you struggling with these days?
What remedy for curing the common cold works best for you?
What role does trust play in our everyday relationships?
What room in your house best reflects your personality?
What scares you the most about the future?
What season are you currently in with regard to your spiritual life?
What silly thing have you done in the name of love?
What situations cause you to hold back and protect your heart?
What social issue fires you up?
What sound drives you crazy?
What sound lulls you to sleep?
What spells adventure for you?
What stresses you out?
What strikes your fancy: zoo, circus, carnival, county fair, or parade?
What surprises you most about Jesus Christ?
What temptation have you successfully resisted?
What tests the limits of your sense of balance?
What time do you usually wake up in the morning?
What traumatic event has changed your life forever?
What type of museum do you most like to visit?
What was a childhood disillusionment you experienced?
What was a recent déjà vu experience?
What was an act of kindness you offered or received?
What was difficult about it?
What was he or she like?
What was it?
What was one of your most frightening moments?
What was one vacation that lasted too long?
What was the best news you’ve ever received?
What was the best or worst job you ever had?
What was the best surprise you’ve ever pulled off?
What was the greatest day of your life?
What was the happiest era of your life?
What was the hardest era of your life?
What was the last concert you attended?
What was the longterm result?
What was the most recent compliment you received and savored?
What was the name of your first album/CD?
What was the occasion?
What was the outcome?
What was your best or worst job interview?
What was your experience like?
What was your favorite recess activity: Dodgeball, Kickball, Four Square, Hopscotch, Freeze Tag, or jump rope?
What was your favorite subject in school?
What was your first job?
What was your last argument about?
What was your most romantic date?
What was your proudest moment?
What was your reaction?
What was your worst "nightmare" date?
What were their names?
What worries you?
What would change that?
What would Jesus do if he were in your shoes?
What would make you totally content right now?
What would you suggest would be the best way for God to show his love?
What, if anything, is the Bible good for?
What’s a favorite memory with your grandparents?
What’s a strange occurrence you’ve observed but, until now, have never (or rarely) shared with anyone?
What’s a sure way to detect when someone is lying?
What’s an example of your passive-aggressive side?
What’s an idiosyncrasy or strange habit that you have?
What’s missing in your life?
What’s more important, a healthy mind or a healthy body?
What’s most intriguing about the Cinderella story?
What’s one accomplishment that gives you great satisfaction?
What’s one benefit the world has gained as a result of Buddha’s life and teaching ministry?
What’s one benefit the world has gained as a result of Jesus Christ’s life and teaching ministry?
What’s one benefit the world has gained as a result of Muhammad’s life and teaching ministry?
What’s one book you recommend and why?
What’s one conviction you hold that you would be willing to die for?
What’s one doubt you have regarding the existence of a Supreme Being?
What’s one fashion trend you hope never comes back?
What’s one guilty pleasure you enjoy too much to give up?
What’s one of the biggest purchases you made, and how did you negotiate the transaction?
What’s one of your favorite summer activities to do with family or friends?
What’s one of your greatest achievements?
What’s one of your hobbies?
What’s one of your nicknames?
What’s one question you are asking yourself these days?
What’s one regret you live with?
What’s one thing about God you don’t understand?
What’s one thing about the existence (or nonexistence) of God that scares you?
What’s one thing that makes you really angry?
What’s one thing you know for sure?
What’s one thing you would rather pay someone to do than do yourself?
What’s someone’s idiosyncrasy that really bothers you?
What’s something about you that no one knows?
What’s something about yourself that you hope will change, but that probably never will?
What’s something about yourself that you hope will never change?
What’s something for which you would seek revenge?
What’s something most of your friends don’t know about your spiritual side?
What’s something that amazes you?
What’s something that people do in traffic that really bothers you?
What’s something that you did growing up that your parents never found out about?
What’s something valuable that you accidentally dropped and broke?
What’s something you consider too daring to try?
What’s something you intended to do today, but didn’t?
What’s something you regret losing, selling, or giving away?
What’s something you should throw away, but can’t?
What’s something your parents used to say to you as a child that you promised yourself you’d never say—but now you catch yourself saying all the time?
What’s something you’ve done that surprised even you?
What’s something you’ve won and how did you win it?
What’s the advantage of your method?
What’s the age of accountability?
What’s the best (or funniest) commercial you’ve ever seen?
What’s the best advice you’ve ever been given?
What’s the best approach for resolving conflict?
What’s the best approach to use in negotiating a fair purchase price for a car?
What’s the best greeting card you ever received?
What’s the best joke you’ve heard recently?
What’s the best New Year’s resolution you’ve ever made?
What’s the best prank someone pulled on you?
What’s the best prank you’ve ever pulled off?
What’s the best remedy for anxiety caused by speaking in front of a large group of people?
What’s the best thing you ever built or created?
What’s the best way to delegate things to others?
What’s the best way to earn another person’s respect?
What’s the best way to handle another person’s hostility and ease tensions?
What’s the best way to negotiate a raise in salary?
What’s the best way to resist peer pressure?
What’s the best way to win back an estranged friend?
What’s the central difference between psychology and religion, or do they address the same need in mankind?
What’s the closest you’ve come to having an encounter with God?
What’s the closest you’ve come to having an epiphany?
What’s the closest you’ve ever come to thinking you didn’t deserve to live?
What’s the difference between being moral and being spiritual?
What’s the difference between intelligence and wisdom?
What’s the difference between tolerance of all religions and validation of all religions?
What’s the first question you will have for God when you die?
What’s the first thing that comes to mind when you hear the word "fun"?
What’s the greatest spiritual advice you have ever received?
What’s the most adventurous or daring thing you have ever done?
What’s the most courageous thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the most cowardly thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the most dangerous situation you’ve encountered?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve seen someone else do?
What’s the most important thing about you?
What’s the most reassuring Bible promise you know?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you’ve ever stolen?
What’s the most serious illness or injury you ever faced?
What’s the most significant loss you’ve experienced?
What’s the name of your favorite magazine?
What’s the secret to a long life?
What’s the story behind a time when a car you were in broke down?
What’s the story behind a time when you got locked out?
What’s the wackiest belief you held as a child?
What’s the worst movie you’ve ever seen, and who did you see it with?
What’s the worst tasting thing you’ve ever eaten?
What’s the worst weather situation you’ve been in?
What’s unforgivable?
What’s weighing heavy on your heart these days?
What’s your all-time favorite band, and what would you give to meet them?
What’s your all-time favorite meal, and how often do you enjoy it?
What’s your all-time favorite movie, and how many times have you seen it?
What’s your all-time favorite town or city?
What’s your all-time favorite video game?
What’s your basis for deciding which, if any, religion is right for you?
What’s your birth order?
What’s your choice: baseball, football, Frisbee, Hacky Sack, or boomerang?
What’s your choice: jigsaw, crossword, or numeric puzzles?
What’s your dream job?
What’s your fancy: bird watching, butterfly collecting, flower hunting, shell gathering, or star gazing?
What’s your fancy: skateboard, roller blades, roller skates, ice skates, or snowboard?
What’s your favorite aroma or fragrance?
What’s your favorite beverage?
What’s your favorite Bible verse and why?
What’s your favorite birthday memory?
What’s your favorite board game?
What’s your favorite color?
What’s your favorite expression?
What’s your favorite fast-food restaurant and how often do you go there?
What’s your favorite genre of literature?
What’s your favorite holiday tradition?
What’s your favorite ice-cream brand and flavor?
What’s your favorite item to cook?
What’s your favorite kind of candy?
What’s your favorite picnic memory?
What’s your favorite question to answer?
What’s your favorite question to ask?
What’s your favorite quote?
What’s your favorite room in your home?
What’s your favorite season of the year?
What’s your favorite spectator sport, and how often do you watch it?
What’s your favorite subject to discuss?
What’s your idea of a good time?
What’s your idea of cute?
What’s your knee-jerk reaction to this term?
What’s your least favorite thing to do?
What’s your most and least preferred forms of exercise?
What’s your most cherished romantic moment?
What’s your most embarrassing moment?
What’s your most memorable (good or bad) airplane flight?
What’s your most prized or sentimental possession?
What’s your most treasured heirloom?
What’s your most treasured piece of jewelry?
What’s your pick: hang glide, sky dive, bungee jump, hot air balloon, or kite?
What’s your pleasure: horseshoes, shuffleboard, croquet, archery, or darts?
What’s your pleasure: tennis, badminton, volleyball, racquetball, or Ping-Pong?
What’s your position on capital punishment?
What’s your preference: cruise ship, powerboat, sailboat, rowboat, kayak, or inner tube?
What’s your preference: motorcycle, dirt bike, moped, mountain bike, racing bike, scooter, or unicycle?
What’s your preference: plane, train, boat, automobile, horse, or camel?
What’s your preference: wrestling, martial arts, boxing, or fencing?
What’s your preferred method of getting the news?
What’s your preferred way to meet new people?
What’s your reaction toward people who are outspoken about their beliefs?
What’s your strongest sense?
When and how often do you pray?
When are you shy?
When are you the most at ease with yourself?
When did you ever immediately "click" with someone you just met?
When did you get your first traffic ticket?
When did you last have fresh flowers in your home?
When do you feel insecure?
When do you feel out of control?
When do you feel the loneliest?
When do you find yourself singing?
When do you most feel like a slave to time?
When does the end justify the means?
When driving, are you more likely to listen to the radio, to CDs and tapes, or nothing at all?
When have you been overwhelmed with compassion or overcome with pity?
When have you experienced a situation in which you believe God intervened?
When have you experienced poor customer service?
When have you experienced the closest thing to a miracle?
When have you felt betrayed?
When have you felt like you could "never repay" someone?
When have you had a cathartic experience and what was the impetus?
When have you had such a moment?
When have you had to agree to disagree?
When have you recently felt overwhelmed?
When have you seen "hell" here on earth?
When is a threat not a threat?
When is failure a success?
When is it appropriate to resort to making a threat?
When is it better to be safe than sorry?
When is it necessary to take the law into your own hands?
When is it okay to lie?
When is the right time to demonstrate "tough love"?
When making an entrance into a social gathering, do you make your presence known so everyone notices you, slip in and look for someone you know, or sneak in as quietly as possible and find a safe spot to hide?
When relaxing on the floor, do you sit crosslegged, fold your legs to one side, sit with your legs straight out in front of you, or recline?
When something is funny, do you usually laugh raucously, hiss, snort, chuckle quietly to yourself, or smile and nudge the person next to you?
When talking to someone while standing, are your arms usually at your sides, in your pockets, crossed in front of you, or gesturing descriptively?
When the "tooth fairy" came, what did you usually get?
When was a prayer of yours answered?
When was a time when you felt honored?
When was the last picnic you went on?
When was the last time you cried?
When was the last time you helped someone in need?
When was the last time you played hooky?
When was the last time you really pushed yourself to your physical limits?
When was the last time you said, "It’s my fault—I’m sorry"?
When was the last time you sat on a park bench for more than ten minutes?
When was the last time you stubbed your toe so hard it brought tears to your eyes?
When was the last time you wanted to scream?
When was the last time your heart skipped a beat?
When was the last time your heart was in your throat?
When were you in a hospital?
When were you in a situation where something struck you as funny, but it was inappropriate to laugh?
When you are happy, how do you like to celebrate?
When you are home alone, do you need the stereo, radio, or TV turned on?
When you feel sad, what do you do to find comfort?
When you find yourself in an argument, do you prefer to leave and resolve it later or stay and settle it right away?
When you fly, do you prefer to arrive at the airport extra early or get there just in the nick of time?
When you go to a movie, do you like to sit in the back, middle, or front?
When you have nothing pressing, where does your mind drift?
When you leave a room, do you turn the lights off behind you or keep the lights on throughout your house most of the time?
When you need to confront someone, would you rather communicate in person, on the phone, by e-mail, or by letter?
When you think of really living and not merely existing, what comes to mind?
When you travel, do you pack too much or too little?
When you’re alone at home, do you wear shoes, socks, slippers, or go barefoot?
When’s the last time you had to give a speech?
When’s the last time you square-danced or line-danced?
Where are you going?
Where are you in your spiritual journey?
Where are you ticklish?
Where do you draw the line between helping people and showing them how to help themselves?
Where do you keep it?
Where do you keep them now?
Where do you think you spend most of your money?
Where was God when terrorists attacked the World Trade Center and the Pentagon?
Where would that leave you?
Where’s your favorite place to be?
Where’s your favorite place to go when you want to be alone?
Where’s your favorite place to shop?
Where’s your favorite place to take out-of-town guests?
Where’s your favorite spot from which to view the sunrise or sunset?
Where’s your perfect dream vacation spot?
Which animals scare you most?
Which do you do more often: hum or whistle?
Which do you prefer: the hustle and bustle of city life or the quiet and serenity of country life?
Which is better: your short-term or your longterm memory?
Which is greater, love of one’s parents, one’s children, one’s spouse, or one’s friends?
Which is more important: what you say or how you say it?
Which is the greater tragedy: an innocent person imprisoned or a guilty person set free?
Which movies have you watched over and over again?
Which of the five senses do you treasure most?
Which one stands out in your memory?
Which ones have come back that you wish hadn’t?
Which ones?
Which sections do you turn to first?
Which was your favorite and why?
Who are you when no one’s looking?
Who did you go with?
Who has been your friend the longest?
Who has loved you more than anyone else in your life?
Who has made the biggest impact on you?
Who have you loved more than anyone else in your life?
Who is Jesus Christ to you?
Who is the closest friend you’ve ever had?
Who is the first person you tell when something good happens to you?
Who is your favorite musician, and how often have you seen him or her perform?
Who performs more random acts of kindness than anyone else you know?
Who was your best friend in high school, and where is he or she now?
Who was your favorite teacher growing up, and what did you like most about him or her?
Who was your first boyfriend or girlfriend?
Who was your least favorite teacher?
Who will be in heaven?
Whom do you call when you need a hand?
Whom do you consider the greatest president of all time?
Whom do you most admire?
Whom do you run to when something bad happens in your life?
Whom have you lost touch with but still wonder about?
Whose autographs have you collected?
Who’s the "black sheep" of your family?
Who’s the best cook you know, and what’s his or her specialty?
Who’s the biggest "pack rat" you know?
Who’s the closest thing to a spiritual mentor to you?
Who’s the greatest leader of all time?
Who’s the jolliest person you know?
Who’s the most creative or artistic person you know?
Who’s the most famous person you have ever met?
Who’s the smartest person you know?
Who’s your favorite comedian?
Who’s your favorite person in the whole wide world?
Who’s your favorite talk show host?
Why are bad habits so hard to break?
Why are others so certain he does exist?
Why are people who win the lottery often unhappier than they were before their win?
Why are some people cruel and unkind?
Why are we here?
Why did God start it all?
Why do bad things happen to good people?
Why do innocent people suffer?
Why do most people fear honest feedback and evaluation?
Why do some people become uncomfortable discussing spiritual matters?
Why do some people resist living lives of moral integrity?
Why do you suppose God doesn’t just eliminate Satan now?
Why do you think divorce is so prevalent?
Why do you think it’s so hard for people to say they’re sorry?
Why do you think Jesus was born?
Why do you think most people find it difficult, if not impossible, to believe in miracles?
Why do you think people live in denial?
Why do you think some people are skeptical about the existence of God?
Why do you think that some form of religious belief is present in virtually every culture?
Why do you think there are so many different religions in the world?
Why do you think there are so many disagreements over spiritual and religious matters?
Why does God seem so distant?
Why does merely talking about Christianity often muster up negative images and angry reactions?
Why doesn’t God do something about evil and suffering?
Why is it sometimes hard to forgive others?
Why is it special to you?
Why is it taboo to discuss personal financial matters?
Why is it your favorite?
Why is life so complicated?
Why is life so hard?
Why is that so?
Why is there so much evil in the world?
Why not?
Why or why not?
Why should God let you into heaven?
Why were you born?
Why?
With everything in this universe that could consume God’s time and energy, how much do you think God really cares about what happens in your life?
Would most people describe you as humble or proud?
Would you describe yourself as an extrovert or an introvert?
Would you describe yourself as more laid back or more intense?
Would you describe yourself as more of a feeler or a thinker?
Would you ever be interested in observing a surgery or do you turn away when the nurse brings out the needle?
Would you ever give up your life for a friend or family member?
Would you still be morally responsible?
Would you want to know the date and cause of your death?